Adding wireguard prometheus metrics (#899)
submariner-io/submariner: pkg/cable/wireguard/README.md

  bin/subctl join --cable-driver wireguard --disable-nat broker-info.subm
  ```

- The default UDP listen port for submariner WireGuard driver is `4500`. It can be changed by setting the env var `CE_IPSEC_NATTPORT`

> - We assumes that the wireguard network device named `submariner` is exclusively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is assumed that the wireguard network device named `submariner` is exclusively
```

Author: done.

- No new `iptables` rules were added, although source NAT needs to be disabled for cross cluster communication. This is similar to disabling
  SNAT when sending cross-cluster traffic between nodes to `submariner-gateway`, so the existing rules should be enough.  **The driver will
fail if the CNI does SNAT before routing to Wireguard** (e.g., failed with Calico, works with Flannel).

## Monitoring

> the cabledriver
> The following metrics are exposed currently:
> 
> - metrics that exposed per gateway:
>   - `connection_activation_status` connection is connected/disconnected.represented as 1/0 respectively
>    (by cable driver and cable).
>   - `connection_established_timestamp` the Unix timestamp at which the connection established.
>   - `gateway_tx_bytes` Bytes transmitted for the connection.
>   - `gateway_rx_bytes` Bytes received for the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following metrics are exposed per gateway:
  - `connection_status`: indicates whether or not the connection is established where the value 1 means connected and 0 means disconnected.
  - `connection_established_timestamp` the Unix timestamp at which the connection established.
  - `gateway_tx_bytes` Bytes transmitted for the connection.
  - `gateway_rx_bytes` Bytes received for the connection.
```

Author: done.
